# Welcome to Home Delivery App
Craving your favorite restaurant meal but don’t want to leave the house? Home Delivery App is here to make your dining experience effortless and enjoyable. With a vast selection of local and popular restaurants, getting delicious food delivered to your door has never been easier. Register to Home Delivery App today and enjoy restaurant-quality meals from the comfort of your home! This application is used as my final project for SoftUni course Sprinv Advanced May 2024.

# Functionality
The information about user roles, restaurants, dishes and meal categories is injected using init() methods. Some of the dishes included in the menu are saved using data.sql file. 
Anonymous users are able to see the index, login and register pages. They can also see information about the restaurants from which they can order food and comments from other users who are already registered to the application. They can see our partners who sponsor the Home Delivery App. 
Registered users are able to see their home page which gives them information about their register data saved in the application, their comments which they can also delete and short information about their orders made earlier than 6 months. They can also delete already delivered orders if they want to. Registered users can update their data such as their username, full name, phone number, address and email. They can see the menu of the restaurants divided by meal categories. While they are looking at the menu users are able to add different quantity of the meals to their shopping cart. When going to make order page they will see the dishes added to the cart with their corresponding quantity and if they have changed their opinion about ordering they can remove some of the dishes. They also have to enter an address and a phone number for delivery and press the button make order. 
The admin is only one and have special admin panel in the menu which includes information about all made orders, page to add new dishes and add data for new partners. The admin can also delete dishes from the menu and progress orders when they are delivered on address. Admin is able to delete partners after partnership with some other business is over. Admins also have the same rights as all other users.
